feat: add We Spot Turtles showcase entry (#13647)
flutter/website: sites/www/content/showcase/we-spot-turtles.md

---
title: "We Spot Turtles!"
description:
  "We Spot Turtles! is a citizen science platform helping people report sea
  turtle sightings. Built with Flutter, the app connects citizens, researchers,
  and conservation organizations to turn everyday encounters into data for
  marine protection."
headline: "We Spot Turtles!"
summary: "Empowering global sea turtle conservation with Flutter"
appName: "We Spot Turtles!"
companyName: "We Spot Turtles!"
logo: "images/third_party/case_studies/we-spot-turtles/logo.webp"
card: "images/third_party/case_studies/we-spot-turtles/case_study_card.webp"
videoEmbedUrl: "https://www.youtube.com/embed/CfzhLOiczDQ"
poster: "images/third_party/case_studies/we-spot-turtles/logo.webp"
locations:
  - Europe
  - Oceania
platforms:
  - Mobile
  - Web
industries:
  - Environment & Sustainability
tags:
  - android
  - ios
  - web

> publishDate: 2026-07-30

Reviewer: Ran this through AGY and it also recommended the quotes!
```suggestion
publishDate: "2026-07-30"
```

  [xml](https://pub.dev/packages/xml) and [csv](https://pub.dev/packages/csv)
  packages are processed using custom geometry utilities and the
  [geodesy](https://pub.dev/packages/geodesy) package, to determine which zone
  any given coordinate belongs to, global abundance areas, rare-sighting zones,
  or national EEZs.
- **Context-aware species picker:** Combining the
  [google_maps_flutter](https://pub.dev/packages/google_maps_flutter) and
  [geolocator](https://pub.dev/packages/geolocator) packages with an abundance
  table attached to each zone reorders the species list at capture time,
  surfacing the sea turtles most frequently sighted locally so field observers
  get a shortlist that matches local ecology.
- **Offline-first pipeline:** The
  [isar-community](https://pub.dev/packages/isar_community) package embedded
  database keeps observations and reference zones available without a network
  connection, so field workers on remote beaches capture data first and sync
  opportunistically when connectivity returns.
- **Encrypted coordinates:** Latitudes and longitudes are AES-encrypted with the
  [encrypt](https://pub.dev/packages/encrypt) package before being written to

>   Cloud Firestore, with build-time key obfuscation via

Reviewer: Avoid using via 

```suggestion
  Cloud Firestore, with build-time key obfuscation using the
```
